# Expo Snack app

Open the `App.js` file to view the source code. This is an expo snack app. The link to the snack is attached.

My calculator has many unique and original features that function together to create a cohesive calculator. Starting off with the GUI, I am importing 'Animated' from React-Native, which allows me to create a color-changing loop on the operation symbols; shifting the colors from light blue to light purple. Additionally, I have added shadows to each of the buttons to allow for a more sophisticated, cleaner appearance. I also have the font-size of the Output string set to a variable, which automatically shrinks when the current string takes up the entire screen's width. This was the most difficult part of the code experience for me, because I had to determine the appropriate linear function that would most accurately shrink the fontsize as a function of the windowWidth. In terms of my code, I had to move the Stylesheet to the top of the program simply because when it was at the bottom, I could not access certain variables, such as num.length. There are three limitations of the GUI: it does not function well on landscape mode, because testing was primarily conducted utilizing the portrait orientation. Next, because the width of each individual character differs (for instance, "9" has a bigger font width than "1"), the fontSize that shrinks the function may not exactly make the string take up the entirety of the windowWidth perfectly. Finally, the animation loop that changes the operator color over time resets completely when any button is pressed. Ideally, this loop would continue smoothly regardless of user input. Functionality wise, the calculator has been tested as much as possible to prevent any possible bugs. For instance, the user cannot enter multiple decimal points in one number, multiple operators cannot be pressed consecutively, the negative sign will not work in the middle of a number, and the equals button will not function if the string ends in an operation symbol or decimal point. I am using the "eval" function to convert the output string into an answer, which is effective because it allows the user to enter multiple operations at once (e.g., 3+4*8). NOTE: with multiple operations, the calculator will follow order of operations as functionality for parenthesis is not yet implemented. In addition to the traditional divide, add, subtract, and multiply buttnos, I have added an exponent button as well. I am using multiple boolean statements to ensure that the evaluation of the numbers occurs without major bugs. One limitation of the functionality of the calculator is that rarely, if the user tries to spam across the keyboards to deliberately crash the app, it may crash (only happened to me once during testing). This has only happened once for me, and only because I purposely tried to crash it by entering a random string of characters. When the user enters a calculation that results in "NaN" or "Infinity," the answer outputs "Error". Additionally, because the output string is converted to the answer upon pressing the equal sign, the user can use that answer to perform consecutive calculations (e.g., 3 + 4 = 7; after 7 shows up in the output, user enters "+4" and recieves 11).
NOTE: This App no longer works on Android at the moment due to the replaceAll() function needing an escape sequence to properly function on devices.

When you're ready to see everything that Expo provides (or if you want to use your own editor) you can **Download** your project and use it with [expo-cli](https://docs.expo.io/get-started/installation).

All projects created in Snack are publicly available, so you can easily share the link to this project via link, or embed it on a web page with the `<>` button.

If you're having problems, you can tweet to us [@expo](https://twitter.com/expo) or ask in our [forums](https://forums.expo.io/c/snack).

Snack is Open Source. You can find the code on the [GitHub repo](https://github.com/expo/snack).
